B.Sc. BSc BSc. Engineer
M.Sc. MSc Computer System and Networking
MSc Hons MScHons
BEng Hons
Engineering in Computer Science
BSC BIS
Master of Technology IT
Bachelor of Engineering Computer
BSc Hons in Computing
HND in Computing
Bachelor Degree in Computer Applications
Diploma in Computer Engineer
Diploma in Computer Engineering
Post Diploma in Computer Engineer
Post Diploma in Computer Engineering
BSc Hons BScHons 
Computer Design and Management
Bachelors in Electronics & and communication Engineering
BSc Hons Computing 2:1
BSc Hons 2:1
Bachelors of 
Engineering Honours Electronics & Communications
BSC com sci info tech infotech
Diploma spatial info systems
Diploma spatial information systems
Masters in Computer Application
Master Degree
BSC in Information Technology
MSc in Network Security
MSC in Computer Security
BSc in IT
B. S. in Computer Science
Associate of applied science AAS in computer applications
Associate of applied science AAS in computer electronics
Associate of applied science AAS in computer game design
Associate of applied science AAS in computer information systems
Associate of applied science AAS in electronic engineering
Associate of applied science AAS in telecommunications technology
Associate of arts 
AA in computer information systems
Associate of arts AA in internetworking technology
Associate of biotechnology
Associate of science AS in computer information science
Associate of science AS in computer science
Associate of science AS in electronics engineering technology
Bachelor of computer applications
Bachelor of computer information systems
Bachelor of science in construction technology
Bachelor of engineering
Bachelor of information systems
Bachelor of technology
Bachelor of science in business and technology
Bachelor of science in computer engineering
Bachelor of science in computer science
Bachelor of science in engineering science
Bachelor of science in engineering technology
Bachelor of science in information technology
Bachelor of science in information systems
Bachelor of science in software engineering
Bachelor of science in systems engineering
Master of accounting and information systems
Master of applied science
Master of computer applications
Master of computer science
Master of communication
Master of creative technologies
Master of educational technology
Master of engineering
Master of information systems
Master of IT
Master of network and communications management
Master of network and communication management
Master of science
Master of science in computing research
Master of science in cyber security
Master of science in engineering
Master of science in information systems
Master of science in information technology
Master of science in project management
Master of science in quality assurance
Master of science in risk management
Master of technology
Doctor Ph. D. PhD of engineering
Doctor Ph. D. of science
A.A.S. AAS Associate of applied science
A.A.T. AAT Associate in applied technology Associate in applied tech. tech technology
A.O.T. AOT Associate in occupational technology
A.S. ASAssociate of science
B.E. BE Bachelor of engineering
B.Tech. BTech Bachelor in Technology
B.E.E. BEE Bachelor of electrical engineering
B.S. B.Sc. BSc BS S.B. SB Bachelor of science
B.S.C.S. BSCS B.S. in computer science BS in computer science Bachelor of science in computer science
B.S.E. BSE B.S. in engineering BS in engineering Bachelor of science in engineering
M.C.S. MCS Master of computer science
M.E. ME Master of engineering
M.S. MS M.Sc. MSc Master of science
M.S.C.S. MSCS M.S. in computer science
M.Sw.E. MSwE Master of software engineering
D.Sc. DSc S.D. SD Sc.D. ScD Doctor of science
Ph.D. PhD Doctor of philosophy
Master of Science in Computer Science
Postgraduate Diploma in Computer Science	
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
MSc. in Electrical Engineering
Masters in Cyber Security
M. S. in Physics
Associates in Computer Technology
M.S. in Computer & Information Sciences
BS in Software Engineering in Computer Science
Masters of Science in Computer Science
B.S. Urban Planning
Computer Science
Electronics and Computer Technology
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Engineering
Bachelor's of Science in Computer Science
M.S. in Computer Science
B.S. in Financial Mathematics & Financial Engineering
M.Sc. in Information Technology
Bachelor's in Computer Science
Bachelor in Computer Engineering
Associates in Computer Science
Bachelor of Engineer
Associates in Computer Science
B.S. in Computer Science
Bachelor in Computer Engineering
Master of Science in Data Science specialization
Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology
Ph. D. in Cognitive Psychology
Bachelor of Engineering
B.E. in Computer Science
M.S. in Computer Information Systems
Masters of Science in Information Technology
E.C.S. in Computer Science
University of the Informatic Sciences
Fatima Al-Zahraa Secondary School for Girls
University of Science and Technology
El Camino College
University of Washington Bothell
Pune University
El Camino College
University of Illinois at Springfield
Fatima Al-Zahraa Secondary School for Girls
University of Science and Technology
University of Southern California
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University
UCLA
University of Houston
Chaitanya Bharathi Institute of Technology
The University of Houston Clear Lake
Chaitanya Bharathi Institute of Technology
University of Texas
DeVry University
George Mason University
University of Mumbai
Florida International University
Cal State University Northridge
University of Oregon
Kent State University
Purdue University
Valparaiso University
Valparaiso University
Poznan University of Technology
The University of Texas at El Paso
Maharishi University of Management
Maharishi University of Management
Remington College Little Rock Campus
University of Central Arkansas
